brother
Did you sleep with your wife last night?
And so intense
Don't be here next time
I want to quibble
Looks like I'll be an uncle soon
Brother Mingxuan
Did the finance department make a mistake?
Why did you withdraw your investment in Liu's company?
I told him to withdraw
Yao Mingxuan
What have you done?
This long-term loss-making enterprise
There was no need to invest
The withdrawal of investment is long overdue
Three years ago.
You did something terrible to my daughter
He was under 18 at the time.
So you promised me then
The best compensation for my daughter
I didn't send you to jail.
Your investment in Liu's
It's not what we owe you.
You owe us.
Liu Xinyuan
Don't act in front of my brother
Three years ago, my brother and your daughter Liu Xi
Nothing happened at all.
Then I am indeed what you forced Xie'er to do
Xian'er doesn't expect you to marry me
But you can't help but admit it, right?
I know what happened three years ago
He was the one who had sex with me that night
So stop pretending
I never want to see you again
Heart, you know your heart
You can't be so heartless to your heart
Enough hum
Send the guest away